Gwenevere Abriel: Kelly psychosocial
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's check on on sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: Audio
Gwenevere Abriel: I am too dark night Late Late Late night. Where's the light so much light now likes
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. So, my dear. I'm sorry about all the cockiness this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are things over there for you. Oh, you can't hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. All right, let's play with your volume on your phone, you're gonna have to play with your volume because mine's up
Gwenevere Abriel: How about Check, check, check.
Gwenevere Abriel: mute and unmute
Gwenevere Abriel: Might also work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Miss Harris too fluffy don't transcribe that
Gwenevere Abriel: Carry. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honey, my coffee coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hit your mute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Share screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I can hear you.
Kelli Ottnat: I can hear you now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it just takes a minute. Um, so, okay, we have been victorious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it nice and calm over where you are.
Kelli Ottnat: Home.
Kelli Ottnat: So far it's not too bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh, that is nice. It has been total chaos over here in this House.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, but I'm ready, I'm ready for the rest of the day to just go as planned. That's what I'm looking for.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't get a chance to take a look at that message you sent me, I'd like to I've recognized the guy though, I must have opened it up and I was like oh I recognized him, I must have been snooping around on YouTube and ran across him. What's his What's his big message that guy.
Kelli Ottnat: Levi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um, well now i don't i don't know you send me something. Would you send me
Kelli Ottnat: Oh for for Thomas. Thomas lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, maybe, short, short hair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what's his name message to us.
Kelli Ottnat: His main message is neutral thinking
Kelli Ottnat: Trains professional sports athletes. How to Win mentally
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay default it's going. You know what I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we'll do that. Okay. I talked to do. Okay. Do you know what I'm going to try and make this easy my castle out of this whole thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let me try it. I'm gonna go like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I go to the other bio psychosocial so Louise let's grab the information we already have from the original
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was
Gwenevere Abriel: October 30 2019
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to see if I can
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think it's gonna let me but I'm gonna try copy
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll put in a Word document out for a second.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: We can start with this first section, we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: So patient presented for initial evaluation. So that's
Gwenevere Abriel: When I say reevaluation
Gwenevere Abriel: There can do that. We evaluation of opioid use. So tell me a little bit about over these months that you've been away. I'm kind of talk about the
Previous
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello. Oh, what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I felt
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah Mo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. So the last. I'm not sure when you were discharged. I can look at that in a second. But since you left bright heart. What has your opiate use kind of looked like.
Kelli Ottnat: I
Kelli Ottnat: Mean
Kelli Ottnat: Looked at the Suboxone
And
Kelli Ottnat: I was, I had kind of gotten two strips a day for
Kelli Ottnat: Close to a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Kelli Ottnat: Very quickly way myself down
Kelli Ottnat: Down the one from
Kelli Ottnat: From the one
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll go milligrams per second. So we're going to go over the one strip is I'm going to put eight milligrams. And then I'm going to go to two
Gwenevere Abriel: For here at for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And under who was this off the street or from a physician.
Kelli Ottnat: Physician
Gwenevere Abriel: Sessions care.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you deny all short acting opiates since discharged from my heart health.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you used other substances other mood altering substances.
Kelli Ottnat: Nothing else no alcohol no mother.
Kelli Ottnat: Narcotics
Gwenevere Abriel: Client tonight is all mood altering substances following prior bright heart health discharge please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, this is going to clip right along.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just gonna drop this in here, though. All right. We've got what
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got this copy put that in a
Gwenevere Abriel: Physical taste, we've got this little baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And today is the force.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. And yeah, I want to talk about content will do that right at the end. Okay, maybe even tonight. We'll see. Um, it sounds like you, you've got someone in your family that would benefit from some support and and we'll talk about that in a little bit if that's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I want to hear what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm distracted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK. And I'll say this, because that's what we're doing. Right. So even though it looks like I'm not attending to you very much. I'm really trying to make this go faster because I'm going to use much of what we already have. You know what I mean, right, unless you want to start from scratch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please, please, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asia first use tobacco Asia first years of alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, alright. History of treatment includes okay that part goes in there to where you in any treatment while you're awake. I mean, was that treatment or just the MIT with a physician.
Kelli Ottnat: That was just the doctors
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. When I say MIT, just so you know you're in an MIT program which is medicated assisted therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what Jeff to you're also getting the behavioral health part with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's what that's what group is if that's the MIT portion copy will go psych
Gwenevere Abriel: You got my system stuff in there that's maybe change any psychiatric medication started or or or discharge stopped.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any
Gwenevere Abriel: Suicidal ideation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I think. Originally, you said denied lifetime homicidal ideation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You have endorsed some some self injurious behavior. Six months ago, I didn't write down what it was right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was pretty messed up and was cutting myself. There was a history there, you know, cutting
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. Tonight active and you so you deny suicidal ideation intent plan and action. So right yes okay if that changes. Will you tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Even when it gets to the thought, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know your spiritual belief, but that doesn't mean that those thoughts don't come. Okay, so I want to know. I want to help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, let's go over here to the family part when we got, what do I already have maybe we could add more to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Patient
Gwenevere Abriel: Mother of winning coffee taste patient mother living aware of any medical conditions patients relationship with mother was described as functional she took care of me until I was 13
Gwenevere Abriel: Fishes flush them and mother described is just an abusive avoiding chaotic and controlling. I was scared, pretty much my direct outta
Gwenevere Abriel: Sound familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the stuff that I noticed last time. Not to get too into too much processing, but I noticed you weren't going there very much. You wouldn't you know i mean you didn't want to really process that let's see if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Head head towards a little bit of that when you're ready. Okay, see if there's some
Gwenevere Abriel: Interventions that can help. All right, we got born in Houston.
Copy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Paste.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brothers no mental health history. Little Brother Stephen has cancerous tumors back and head and currently in jail. That's still true.
Kelli Ottnat: He actually had that room while he was in jail.
Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, update, we have
Gwenevere Abriel: And how is he doing
Kelli Ottnat: Wonderful. He said, then
Kelli Ottnat: He actually used to
Kelli Ottnat: So there is no
Kelli Ottnat: Issues that you know that's what was no good, but you still have some
Kelli Ottnat: Like
Kelli Ottnat: Demonic issues with talking to
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, so it was pressing on on a part of his brain that was maybe having some some hallucinatory elements, a little bit.
Kelli Ottnat: I think so. He said once that
Was removed.
Kelli Ottnat: That it's gone. And it was released.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's almost you almost feel like you kind of know your brother again.
Kelli Ottnat: Well, he's still in jail now now.
Kelli Ottnat: But he's called a few months.
Kelli Ottnat: We're working on getting thrown down there seem to get
Gwenevere Abriel: Any rest or additional education since discharge.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you in a romantic relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, you are. Are you living with them. Now it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, what did I writing him for
Gwenevere Abriel: My
Gwenevere Abriel: Purposes, say, Oh, okay. Patients mother. Where does it say where you're living
Gwenevere Abriel: Try this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't get to do this very often. I'm going to name three objects for you. I'd like you to remember them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to show them to you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Pen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you to remember later Alaska.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you eat for breakfast yesterday.
Kelli Ottnat: Great.
Kelli Ottnat: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you hear say here see things that other people don't hear. See, just anything communicate to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: in a special way.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No demonic communications know
Gwenevere Abriel: Girls gotta ask
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think of your self esteem from zero to 1010 being amazing I can do anything I put my mind to it. That's a 10 and the other one is I really, I hate myself. I feel like if I think I want to do something. I can't do it. Where do you put yourself.
Kelli Ottnat: We didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Want me to say six and a half six
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I won't see you head nod cuz I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking at a screen, I have to hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool, cool, cool. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Employment in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Employed
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you employed.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are
Kelli Ottnat: rotavirus
Gwenevere Abriel: Can your boyfriend, hear me right now.
Kelli Ottnat: Well, we were in a camper.
Kelli Ottnat: Or side.
Kelli Ottnat: Hear you, Eric in London.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has he been using math.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the coughing that I'm hearing is from him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at some goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you've heard me ask this before, thinking about this, this treatment episode. How do you describe what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: From treatment. What do you want, what's your goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds like you tell me that sounds like the the emotional, behavioral, the mental health piece of it is, am I right.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want regarding substance use moving forward in your own words.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay, that was
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. But I want both
Kelli Ottnat: I do want to live a day without Suboxone without needing anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do not want to live day to day with
Gwenevere Abriel: Suboxone or any kind of medication. Did I get that right. Right. Okay. Beautiful. That's quite precise that I'll stare us all we're doing each month we take a look at that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Know what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna see if I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Do a little commentary. Who did I do that with recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have it right in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who would that be called
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: This one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just not going to be good for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I want to find it somewhere else I'd like to do a little inventory with you. Okay. Probably not take up our time just just the time we have. What were the three objects.
Kelli Ottnat: Wrong in a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Of ice on how do you find your memory. These days, that it was not not awesome last time. How are you finding it these days.
Kelli Ottnat: I'm
Kelli Ottnat: It, it works, but I would like for it to be a little sharper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Does it feel like it's fuzzy or in the short term, like, Oh man, I can't believe I'm walking over here. I remember what I wanted, or is it like that stuff from a long time ago, you'd like to pull it from maybe to hit the campus but it feels like you just can't get to it.
Kelli Ottnat: Us makes a very small makes hey
Gwenevere Abriel: You're just not feeling as sharp as you like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me a little about the social support that you, um, you're it. You have now.
Kelli Ottnat: I have
Kelli Ottnat: Scott supportive and his family.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is Scott supportive of the goals you just described.
Kelli Ottnat: He's definitely for me, reaching them.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Mixture
Gwenevere Abriel: Long term.
Gwenevere Abriel: Impairment
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah, just on a very
Gwenevere Abriel: Low
Gwenevere Abriel: Scale. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And please transcribe client did recall all three objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: On a trail.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're receiving
Gwenevere Abriel: Food stamps for food. Is that how you're able to eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what are your hobbies.
Kelli Ottnat: Hobbies are
Kelli Ottnat: Reading
Kelli Ottnat: And
He's
Kelli Ottnat: Helping. Helping Scott
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of work is he doing
Kelli Ottnat: Mechanic work.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything changed in your custody status. The big piece. And I know this sort of opens up a really big topic, but I'd like to make if there's any significant change in the structure of
Gwenevere Abriel: Legally right your rights with your son. You know what I'm trying to say. Has that changed.
Kelli Ottnat: Nothing's changed.
Kelli Ottnat: I did take care of my personal legal issues. So my next move is to go down file.
Kelli Ottnat: Some type of joint custody.
Gwenevere Abriel: With grandparents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can talk more about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's pretty good, right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And bright heart has your current address set right did you end up just coming back to the same place after you love
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other
Gwenevere Abriel: events that happened in those months.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No assault. You didn't win the lottery.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you doing on this spiritual connection you were starting to really deeply engage with a
Gwenevere Abriel: Mormon sort of philosophy and really starting in that were you out with that now.
Kelli Ottnat: I'm, I'm still
Kelli Ottnat: Very spiritually connected
Just
Kelli Ottnat: doing a lot of reading in the Bible and
Kelli Ottnat: Just trying to understand things a little
Kelli Ottnat: A little more just kind of keep to myself for now until I get a better idea.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the best times that you and I can meet when we're alone.
With
Kelli Ottnat: Me hopefully anytime
Kelli Ottnat: Later in the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will. I'm trying to do that later and day for me would be something like three
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that later. Something like okay I will do my very best and trying to see clients dipping into the second half of my day. It's still a challenge. I have other obligations. But I think for us to do the work.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we're going to need to do that. So I'm going to do my very, very best. So let's schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule. Our next appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday at three
Gwenevere Abriel: My next client here, so I gotta go.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And I think we're good. Honestly, I think I can put these together and we should be fine. Did you have medication bridge to today. Should I be messaging, your doctor.
Kelli Ottnat: I have medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get you to your group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, venture group.
Kelli Ottnat: That eight
Kelli Ottnat: Wait, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: That can't be right. That's a Wednesday.
Kelli Ottnat: It's next Friday at 12
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, fantastic. Alright, so, then you'll your services are going to your next services April 9 3pm and then group regular schedule right on that that 12 o'clock hour. I'm really looking forward to talking with you then. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Be good to see you there.
Thanks so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey Chase. Chase.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me. I can't hear you yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I miss I miss calculated. I do apologize. I think what I meant to say was
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well I have. I've got three times on specific time. I'm so sorry. I think it's 12 to 1225
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, sweetie. I can't wait. I'm so glad we're doing this. This is so much better than the phone. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. We'll see in a little bit.
Chase Heller: Well, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't transcribe. That was one of my kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to have Nicole login and now. Hey, Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole, can you log all the way out and back in
Gwenevere Abriel: high cheek. I can you want all the way out and right back in. I want to separate my zoom meetings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you log all the way out and right back in. I'm going to do the same. I like to piece these meetings separately. It helps the transcriptionist and zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the company itself is really burdened with all these meetings so piecing them into single episodes. Okay, two seconds log out log out and come right back.